Hello and welcome again in this new section we're going to discover another future of the team with
this future that we're going to discuss in the section is callet fold Totilas.
So what is the fault.
When we're going to talk about default rules.
We need to talk a little about the heights of ability.
If you remember in one of the previous sections we covered the height of obesity and we see the purpose
of this to be a height of ability if you remember we had eat I.
And when we achieved the heights of ability in our virtual machine in that host if something wrong happened
to that host this virtual machine be out of service that's me in power.
They do this fear that they try to reboot this virtual machine.
In our modern hosts So all those tasks at the top and when this horse is out of service the machine
rebooted in another host.
We have our down time and in the raid environment the big enemy of NIIT manager is due down time.
Any company will go into lost money when you have some down time.
So for that all the company try to read down time try to get the maximum of the ability off their service
their route et cetera.
But industry when we use the height of ability when this virtual machine trick is done like this one
it will take about 10 to 20 years to get that that's the biggest fear we know that the virtual machine.
Indeed I will host is out of service.
So we have about 20 seconds of downtime.
Then do a try to reboot the virtual machine in another host and we'll take a time off the operating
system need to complete to do its process.
For example two or three minutes to complete loading of the operating system the application etc..
So we have a downtime about three minutes.
Also in another situation we have for example three virtual machine powerit of.
So the fear of heights will try to power the first one that Hovda the highest priority.
Then the second what they want if we have some votes order for this virtual machine.
So the last one will take about five to 10 minutes to be available in our environment.
So we have our down time and this is not a good think in a big company.
So for that we have another service that its fault.
So what is do for us or how the phone works.
So the same we have to E6 I host of course when wrong is default but essence we need atlast.
Joe E6 I host.
We can't do the full two roles in one E-6 I host.
Then we have a virtual machine inside that host that we're going to put it into for us.
And when we enable default on in that's a virtual machine.
At that moment defaulted arrays will try to clone this virtual machine as a mirror of it.
So the virtual machine in this host is the same virtual machine in this house.
The work at the same time and or work together with the same data and the same information.
So it's like created a mirror virtual machine to the original one.
When we enable do for us in this one the full details we will try to mirror this virtual machine inside
another house.
So we have two virtual machines that work out the same as one virtual machine.
This one and this one have the same data the same read and write it down.
So any user tried to update the data in this with your machine automatically updated.
In this other virtual machine.
So the two machine work together at the same time.
So now we have two fold fold.
So the benefits of the fall are not in this situation.
I mean if something wrong happen to this E-6 I host.
I mean this virtual machine will be out of service.
We have another virtual machine that do the same thing.
That's me.
The user that connect to this vision machine when this virtual machine will service is automatically
still connected to this one.
And Duzer we're not going to fill any file or any down from dear side.
He will keep in without any then Koppen from its own site.
So in this situation we have zero downtime.
If you remember the height of it was try to reboot to this one in this house.
But no we already have the virtual machine bolted on and work perfectly.
So the down time we'll take it is about zero.
So this is the benefits of falls.
Lance
so kids are forced to read also have some requirements that need to be available to be used for it.
That skali default maximum this that that computes for on this for 6.5 greed if you check this fear
5:06 greedy you will find this information available and the condition to enable a full Torrijos in
a virtual machine as this one the virtual disk in the virtual machine should not be more than 16 disk
if you have more than 16 local disk.
The fortress will not be available.
The disk size should be less than 2 terabytes.
If any virtual machine have our disk size more than two terabyte do for the rest we know to be available.
Also some important information of course the virtual disk and size is not a problem in the right environment.
All the virtual machine does not need more than 16 bits.
Also the disk size always be less than 2 terabytes.
It's probably when you fund the virtual machine have more than two terabytes only douceur the power
base.
Then we have the virtual C.P part virtual machine.
The maximum is for spew.
If you create a virtual machine with more than 4 speed this virtual machine we're not going to work
with the forth.
Also if you carry it on RAM for the virtual machine more than 64 gigabytes this machine will not be
available for default.
So the maximum is 64 gigabytes of run for c.p.
Also I'm not the rule is how much virtual machine can exist or can be run it in a host.
The maximum is for virtual machine potholes.
If you create an is X eyeholes and create five virtual machine you can't enable the filterless for the
five virtual machine the Marksman is for.
Also the virtual city of potholes is eight the requirement that you can't do it without having this
requirement is to have 10 gigabyte ethernet network adapter.
The speed of our network adapter will be changing gobshites because the data will be read in the double
placed division.
We work from the double Isak's.
I hope the connection will be faster to avoid that slow down time between the difference between machine
and also you need a license of the 4.
But it alas when you buy out the center server you need to buy delices that contains the fault.
Lost any tool all of them were have it our lessons do entreprise license have all those future available.
And of course we use tree elevation that give us our future for free.
Or the 16 banks.
So next we'll try to work in the real environment so see the next.